What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    Git creates a directory called .git which contains all the metadata
    needed to keep track of the versions of all the files contained in the
    directory. I need to initialize it because Git will only consider my 
    directory as a reposity if I explicitly tell it through this command.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

    It is an intermediate stage between the working directory and the
    repository. It allows to select which files are going to be included
    in the repository and which not (tracked or untracked)

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    I can add to the staging area only the files that containg the logical
    change and keep the others only in the working directory.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    When making an experimental change in the files. If the experiment results, then
    I can merge it with the master branch to include it in the functional version, if
    not, I can ignore that branch in the future and continue with the master.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    It allows to see which commits are visible to each branch

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the
diagram the way we do?

    The result is that two branches become one, and the files they include are
    combined to include all the features and code added in both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    It is commonly very useful, but the programmers have to be aware that 
    automatic merging will be done to program in a way that it is possible.
    A pro is that it is commonly faster than doing it manually, but a con is
    that it does not always work correctly and sometimes it is necessary to 
    do manual changes.